when it comes or an experience that a woman is navy culture I would say
it's a it's classic and I'm pretty sure everyone experiences is this
is our definitely would have to say returning from a deployment sale
more like a genie in the ship after a long peered out at sea so
the general excitement among the crew and you know each others it just
kind of raises morale because you know you go home you know everyone's
kind of walking on like cloud and then it's like the last couple
of days and it's almost like a kid going to Disney world for the
first time the night before it's like that kid and sleep is just so
excited to read to go home you know you just read to see a family and
friends and that culture just kinda hits it's peak the day of when
everyone is put on the dress whites so the dress blues and we're getting
all ready and pressed and everything's nice and you know you finally
hear the the manta reels called on the one MC and that's how
you know it's like you're going home and I think that that culture kind
of hits it hits its peak at that time to where you pull the import
and you and all your three hundred of your closest friends are are
going home for the first time and you know seven or eight months and
I think that just kinda you know that that just sums up like maybe
culture right